##Hal Menacho Segovia

I’ll be honest and admit that I took this class to avoid taking a regular math class. I failed math several times and at this point, I’m pretty sure I’m just disabled (and that’s okay). Since I had the most basic experience with HTML back in my freshman year of high school, I thought that I would be able to navigate through this class with some ease. I knew about the existence of Python, but I didn’t know in which contexts it could be used until taking this course.
I knew about the misogyny present in STEM, but I didn’t understand on a more personal level how severe the oppression could be. Although I don’t think I have a use for it just yet, I enjoyed learning how Powershell worked. I greatly enjoyed the customization available for the Powershell interface since I could make it as cutesy or as Fallout-like as I would like at the moment. Using Powershell is more of a hindrance for short, simple tasks, but can be extraordinarily useful for more complex tasks.
Learning Python was like learning any other language. And partially like magic since you have to be precise to get the effect wanted. Python requires you to know several keywords and some forms of structure, to understand how to best tell Python what you want it to do. We were given an activity that tested our knowledge, and I thankfully made it out alive.
Furthermore, I didn’t know that data science was able to analyze large chunks of data such as massive spreadsheets. By analyzing the Transatlantic Slave Trade records, we can humanize and quantify the enormous scale of the horrors of slavery. Melanie Walsh, for one, used the Bellevue records to analyze it and extract information from it. This came from a long time ago, but I forgot how vicious and explicit the past society could be about their intolerance and bigotry.
There is genuinely so much you can do with Python. Importing a library isn’t difficult at all and requires at least a line of code. There are so many things you can do with Python, some things that I am confused about and don’t see myself using in a while. I originally wanted to do a classification chard of some current-day feliforms (in honor of my wife), but I couldn’t keep up and understand what kind of code they expected me to input.
I had great ambitions for my work, but unfortunately, I couldn’t wrap my head around how APIs worked. For one of the activities, I seriously tried. I planned to see how many times the word “rainbow” appears in Ronnie James Dio’s discography. (For context, he’s a vocalist in several heavy metal groups and he happens to include the word rainbow in his lyrics a lot, and he even joined a band named Rainbow eventually).
This course humbled me in terms of patience and indentations. There was a point where my code would not work no matter how much I nitpicked it. I finally figured it out after quitting for a while and then going back to it. Python, like most programming languages (I assume), requires intricate specifications and if you screw it up even slightly, nobody understands what you’re trying to say.
